Setting Prometheus Remote_write Period default value to 1m (#38553)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

*Heartbeat*

*Metricbeat*

> - Setting period of counetr cache for Prometheus remote_write at least to 60sec {pull}38553[38553]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting period for counter cache for Prometheus remote_write at least to 60sec {pull}38553[38553]
```
